At a very young age, I lost both my father and my mother.
I could not understand if God was a God of love, why had He taken my parents from me?
I grew up attending Catholic school and I asked a lot of questions, but they never had
answers for me.
I worked as a prison security officer.
I got to know a lot of the people I worked with.
And among them, Simone, she was a difficult person.
She was confrontational, strong in her opinions on certain things.
And wouldn't let it go.
I really enjoy witnessing informally, so I would pray constantly.
And I'd ask Jehovah to give me courage, because courage doesn't come naturally.
So, one day at work, I told her, I really enjoy helping others learn more about the Bible.
A book most of them already have it home.
She just turned to me and said,
No way.
I don't talk about the Bible, so you can stop right there and don't bring it up again.
I didn't like Jehovah's Witnesses.
I was prejudiced against them.
Susanna?
Well, she was different.
Every day I was observing her.
I would watch her.
And she was so kind.
Then I would think I would start to question, you know, how can someone like Susanna really
be one of Jehovah's Witnesses?
And then about three to four months later, Simone came to me and said,
Susanna, look, I have to ask you for a favor.
I came to ask you for that study.
I was taken aback.
I almost didn't believe I had heard her correctly.
Jehovah took such good care of me.
He explained to me why I had lost my parents when I was a child.
And those answers that I'd always been searching for, I finally had them.
Jehovah pays attention and he gives us courage to speak about him.
Had she not talked to me about the truth, imagine how different my life would be.
It's his name that's at stake.
So we can overcome our fear, regardless of the place, regardless of the moment or situation
and especially, regardless of the type of person.